Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to continue from where we start.
Now, over here, we're going to have a test widgets, which is going to say ship free.
And over here we are going to have the the correct icon.
That is the minus icon.
And over here, we are going to have the quantity of the product that is in the products we have.
And over here, we are going to have the increment icon that is the plus icon.
Okay.
Now to do this, we're going to need to go back to our V code.
Now after the row, they're going to need to add a true comma and as well are going to be using a drill
since we want all our widgets to be displayed horizontally.
And as you know, it has these children.
Okay.
Now we can use control and that's the save.
Now, the first child is going to be a test widget and is going to say ship.
Three.
Okay.
Now, we can't give this on story.
It's going to it says STI.
Okay.
We can then say font size of 16 and as well fonts.
Font.
Sweet.
It's going to be fun, sweets.
That w 500.
Okay.
Now how do you truecommerce role and use control and this to save and go check what you just did.
You can see there's no more space.
So now what we can then do is.
Okay.
I'm going to give a size sized bucks.
I can't give you the space vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
So this is going to be height, height of five.
I think ten is way too much.
Okay.
He's controlling this.
Is he?
Okay, great.
Now we're going to have the documents icon.
That is the minus icon.
Okay.
Not to do this after the tests we get, but we just have to do so as a trail cover and as we are going
to make the.
My nose wasn't clickable.
Right.
So you can just use the icon button.
Okay as well.
It's going to take the press.
So you can't leave the function empty for now.
Okay.
For the.
I can't.
It's going to be called widgets and it's going to be icons, dots minus.
Okay.
I don't really think we have any high com.
Like minus a layer.
So what we can do?
We can check if we have got a nickel vaccino vaccine or.
Icons.
Okay.
You can't say dots minus.
Now, what we can do is we can increase the heights of the overall container.
Okay.
So over here, we can't just change it to 160.
So we have some additional space vertically.
Okay.
Great.
Now you can see the miners icon over here.
Okay.
Or we can check if we have all of that type of Midas icon.
I can get rid of this.
Considered minus say.
The catching.
We are just minus sickle cell or let's check for this.
Okay.
Let's check for.
Dirt minus.
Okay.
Circle.
I think I prefer this.
Okay.
No, he's going to go with the other.
You can go to any of your choice.
Okay.
Katrine is now over here.
We're going to have the quantity of the products.
Right.
Okay.
So what you can do?
Well, yeah, I'll try Tacoma.
We can then have a card.
The reason for this card is so we have access to the elevation property.
Okay, so you can see elevation of maybe 13.
Okay, now we can arbitrate.
The charge is going to be a container.
Okay.
Now the reason for this container is.
So we have access to basically the.
Okay.
So we can give you tweets of maybe 100 and C first.
Then you can.
Have the declaration box declaration.
And we can see color is going to be colors pink.
Okay.
And it's indicative that we can then have a child test for the.
Now, we can't just say we have one here.
That's okay.
Nice punch.
Safe and good check.
Okay.
I think this is way too much.
Let's try 50 and see.
Okay.
So I think the television you can see it has a little shadow play by a try, which we should try five
and see.
Okay.
Now we can take this to the middle.
This one.
Okay.
Let's wrap it with the center.
Wrap with Center.
And see.
Okay.
Great.
What about increasing the heights?
Okay.
50 and see.
Way too much.
Okay.
Let's try 20.
I think this is okay.
I can't now.
We can't have the ink rights icon.
So what we can do now is how to drink cola and icon can.
I can.
But in case of press.
Okay.
I can we get.
It's going to be.
Let's check if I can start.
Hopefully we do.
Okay.
Other of the way.
Great.
Just check if we have something better for the Cupertino and Cupertino.
That's in.
But see no icons.
That's odd.
Okay.
I think the only difference is this is very weak.
Great.
You can see.
Okay.
Now what you can do is you can change the color so you can see his thigh.
This can be just-I.
And you can see color what the colors will be white.
Okay.
And this country and this.
Grace.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.